All 37 personality describe sentence:
1.You want to feel understood and not noticed. You're people-oriented.
2.You have strong focus, and concentration.You're introverted.
3.You are heart-centered, friendly, sentimental and impulsive. You highly value friends and family.
4.You are ruled by logic, not emtion. You're very solid and pragmatic.
5.You prefer to work with things over people. You are introspective and reserved. You're more"me-oriented."
6.You have strong emotions and feel things very intensely. You can be quick to react.
7.You move easily from place to place and don't wear yourself out emotionally.
8.You have big hopes and dreams squelched.
9.You are sensitive to criticism and might be paranoid.
10.You are a good worker, disciplined, and sel-controlled.
11.You are selective in who you call good friend.
12.You have a large circle of friends.
13.You love to travel.
14.You're a homebody.
15.You are logical, methodical, and make decisions carefully.
16.You are intelligent and intuitive.
17.You are childlike and playful. You're also artistic and like to stand out.
18.You don't like clutter and pay great attention to detail.
19.You love being notice.
20.You have hight goals and self-esteem.
21.You aim low and have strong insecurities.
22.You have poor time management.
23.You are awear of boundaries.
24.You likes being noticed, stands out in crowd.
25.You are introspective, not seeking attention, modest.
26.You are adaptable, fits into a crowd, practical, balanced.
27.You are sociable, responsive, interested in others, friendly.
28.You are reserved , observant , self-reliant.
29.You are practical , independent, controlled.
30.You are strong emotion , successful, emotion last for long time.
31.You try to avoid energy draining situations.
32.You are openness of sentiment and intelligence.
33.You are closeness of sentiment and intelligence.
34.You want some more breathing space.
35.You wish to be with others, intrusive.
36.You  are optimistic, upbeat, positive attitude.
37.You are tired , overwhelmed , pessimistic , not hopeful.
